Gwenevere Abriel: Jamie
Gwenevere Abriel: Just us. Can you hear and see me audio visual in sync.
Jaime C: There we go. Now it is
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful your sounds good, looks good.
Yes.
Jaime C: Yeah, I do want to give you the heads up though.
Jaime C: I am working I'm covering the desk and it's only I had somebody quit this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jaime C: And I got here.
Jaime C: So we're kind of stuck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm
Jaime C: A look you today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, thank you.
Jaime C: You're always looking at them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get in here to a note but boo boo boo BA so good, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy, Jimmy. Now you're able to um
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you kind of not have a Betty bustin Anya.
Jaime C: Yeah, I hope my office door shut, and I only have a couple people here, but I could, I mean the phone could ring.
Jaime C: So I just want to let you know if that happens, or if somebody walks up to the desk.
Jaime C: That's my worry about
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is a front desk urine.
Jaime C: Well, I'm in my office and I can just watch the desk from the camera.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so maybe we won't go any kind of deep stuff will kind of keep it cognitive behavioral today.
Jaime C: Okay, perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: That seems smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: 13th and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to keep the same hours are you still bringing in the same income has your life significantly changed from what's going on.
Jaime C: Oh no, I mean it has not changed much. No, I mean, except for I'm working more
Jaime C: They are talking about a lot of the corporate people had to take a 50% salary cut
Jaime C: And
Jaime C: It hasn't gotten down to our level yet, but I am a little bit worried about that coming
Gwenevere Abriel: I've zero percent.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if we think about it like this. I mean, I don't know how you're thinking about it, but I'm thinking if this last to July, August, something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe better than losing the whole job.
Jaime C: Yeah, definitely. Yeah. And I keep reminding myself that that if that does happen. It's only temporary.
Jaime C: And that I can go and get
Jaime C: The company's still tells us that we can go get partial unemployment.
Oh,
Jaime C: So it'll be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just inconvenient.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, that's what's funny, it's obviously an understatement. But
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's check in on. How's your son.
Jaime C: He is good.
Jaime C: He we changed counselors.
Jaime C: Are you seem to like a lot better.
Jaime C: And she's doing video. I mean not video but a telephone calls with him every Friday.
Jaime C: So I was a little worried about that, when all this stuff happened because he had missed a couple of appointments, but then they started doing the via telephone calls. So, um,
Jaime C: I feel like that she this new counselor. I feel like is definitely a better fit for him. He's, he's she seems to be digging in a lot deeper and further and he's doing really good. There's been a couple times where him and I
Jaime C: And my buttheads. We really do.
Jaime C: But
Jaime C: I think that both of us are kind of learning how to communicate better
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to spend some time on average wants to focus to go somewhere else.
Jaime C: Um,
Jaime C: Yeah, I don't even know what to talk about today.
Jaime C: I do know the bowl great things been bothering me a lot. This last week.
Jaime C: I've been having a hard time with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it that you're feeling lonely.
Jaime C: I guess maybe that's what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well who else do you call around with
Jaime C: Nobody
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um, and now
Gwenevere Abriel: What I
Gwenevere Abriel: Have been inviting is that people kind of use this forum this sort of zoom platform to reconnect with people, even as far crosses across the state across the country just
Gwenevere Abriel: Setting up, what if you did a network event. What, what would that in your world and your either your business world, or people. I went to school with, what would that look like if you were to host. I'm a coffee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Girls coffee afternoon or something or wine and cheese, minus the wine.
Jaime C: Well, I don't know. I don't really know. Anybody here. The only people I know here are people I work with, really.
Jaime C: And I wouldn't feel comfortable
Jaime C: I guess going and having coffee with my with my employees that I manage
Jaime C: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I am watching, not only in my own life, but in other people's lives, especially in the corporate setting their hosting like they'll have a
Gwenevere Abriel: Something similar to a happy hour. But maybe it's a yoga hour and they might show a video and there might be people that are doing some stretching that day, there might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Little I was talking to one person about maybe changing. She's kind of in HR. So it was kind of turning HR concepts and trainings, so that it's not unpleasant because they're getting sort of meeting fatigue in Zoom is my point that is
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I do. Yes, that's what I'm talking about, talking about having it in a meeting in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Now you're getting it right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you're either whether you're seeing it as sort of a way to enjoy company with people maybe on your level and maybe slightly above or, you know, something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or yeah, this discussion, or maybe it's reviewing HR concepts or a scavenger hunt or maybe you're the one hosting these team building pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this is a great opportunity. I think for people to see it as a way to where you know people above administration can see your creativity can see that this is an increased stress and how I use the resources that you have to stay connected. Keep the cohesiveness of your organization.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so this is an opportunity to shine.
Jaime C: See ya. Good idea. Yeah.
Jaime C: Because I have a lot of people, you know, have you know colleagues on LinkedIn.
Jaime C: Through our whole region and other regions so that I could use that through LinkedIn, I think, like, make a post on LinkedIn and
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and it's and it's working.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then you get this contact you get to feel that aptitude and like you're still in your groove. I'm feeling intelligent and capable and all of that. And sometimes it's also that camaraderie that we're missing because we're not really
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, you're not isolated to too much, but you were making important connections when you were, you know, few months ago. Really important career connections and you don't want to lose those right
Jaime C: Right, right.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Jaime C: Yeah, that's a good idea. I think that I will. I'll definitely look into that one. I like that idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now shift over to a social one who on more of a social maybe not LinkedIn, but maybe more, if it is LinkedIn that has people that maybe you've always kind of wanted to kind of pal around with, and you did a ladies night in and you are the host
Jaime C: I know that was like my friends and stuff back from home.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Jaime C: I would be good, but I've never talked to them and I missed them.
Jaime C: Yes, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I do now, here's what I noticed when I ran. I did one of those. And I learned some important information from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever done a group a video chat before where there's multiple friends and have you ever done that.
Jaime C: I haven't, I haven't hosted one I've been in them but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So here's what I saw, I had people that didn't know each other. And it went badly.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm saying badly because right I run groups all the time, more, the merrier. But I'm also doing this the whole time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I'm like making you know I'm doing it right. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a really different dynamic in a in a in a meeting because we're normally if we were sitting at a dinner party. I would be talking to the person next to me the person across the table would be listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe they would lean and be like, Oh my gosh, would be to you would chime in spontaneously and now you've got these three and then the one next door hears that and and they pull in
Gwenevere Abriel: But because of the challenges in the when we over talk in, zoom, it's cumbersome. It doesn't flow like
Gwenevere Abriel: Where we can you can hear little, little things like, well, you can join as easily.
So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, of course, this just kind of been a characteristic of a particular group of people that I was in. Well, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Question.
Good.
Jaime C: Question.
Jaime C: How would I spend my money.
Jaime C: Because my
Jaime C: Shirt.
Jaime C: Because we're in a big town. So do you still have the paperwork that you got with it that envelope that it can
Jaime C: Maybe look on the
Gwenevere Abriel: Recording
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's it making you think of for social like so I was trying to say what I saw went wrong with mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I happen to have really people that didn't know each other and really different personalities and it was just very, you know, I ended up kicking into gear as the host right and I picked a topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it went fine but in other words, having a theme is what my takeaway was it's a book club.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's favorite coffee shop or bring your coffee. What do you like most or share a recipe. In other words, having this sort of like we're all talking about this and then we talk about things gives people a place to start.
Jaime C: Okay.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Jaime C: I have. Well, I had a group of friends from back home. There's about six or seven of us.
Jaime C: That all went to like from kindergarten all through high school.
Jaime C: In life after. So maybe I mean, and that's been a long time since all of us together. So maybe we could just get together just to kind of reminisce maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't that be fun.
Jaime C: I would be, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: To cry.
Jaime C: Like that idea. I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, good.
Jaime C: Enjoy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that there are even free little cute invitations. If you wanted to make it super cutesy, you can always do it through your social media that you have a regular text.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, you know, if you've got your little zoom accounts you can send them a little invitation right from your phone just they do this, and they'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, well, this is the number is because you're going to have your own. You have your own personal ID number. I don't really know how to walk you through that you could get into virtual clinic and they probably help you but
Gwenevere Abriel: You do have one that's associated with you, I believe, and you guys used to because I used to meet in yours. So don't walk in on them because before we had a waiting room there was people with just
Gwenevere Abriel: Own so that was fun. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so, anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be fun and you're not the only one experiencing this everybody's feeling lonely.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not because we're even at work when that's where we get our social connection. We're not getting that water cooler experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's all this low grade anxiety about finances, our family members, health and it's all happening to all of us. So that is even someplace. We can talk about. Okay, so this is watch this. This will make you giggle. This is what I shared
Gwenevere Abriel: When it would get too serious because I bring up you know really serious stuff I'm playful, but I also bring up. Sorry. So, so it's like okay. So just so you guys don't
Gwenevere Abriel: take it too seriously. I'll show you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What this was cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man Wow. I was like this I was like okay so this is me every morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't judge me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get it done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, why do you have to be bathing suit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Plus laundry detergent to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you could do. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: A joke party everybody brings three jokes and read them and you show
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Right. I mean, it could be anything but it's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: For everyone, they're like, well, I don't know what I'm going to say I'm going to see the long time. Bring your before and after pictures, you know, bring your take a snap of your high school picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will try and get something fun, you know,
Jaime C: Yeah, that's a good idea because I still have a yearbook. And we all have tons of pictures on our yearbook. I could pull those up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or like you only try and on the guests. Like if you block out this like, who is it
Right.
Jaime C: See if they can go there. Good idea. I like that.
Jaime C: I'm excited to do this now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you do it and then you can pass along to someone else who's you're starting to notice is feeling isolated and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we can feel less isolated. I will say careful of your eyes. I'm noticing a lot of i i'm i fatigue from how much online course i'm on and all day long but
Gwenevere Abriel: For people that are just be mindful of that, that it's it's definitely that whatever that blue lighting or backlighting or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: can have an impact.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, I took the fun right out of that deny
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got ways to reconnect. And yes, it will take a little bit of effort. But wouldn't it be neat.
Jaime C: Yeah, I'm excited about that. I really am. I don't know why we got about stuff like that before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're busy thinking about Greg and about what's missing what's missing what's missing, could I write what what are you thinking when you think about that relationship. What's coming up.
Jaime C: I'm just, I guess I'm just
Jaime C: I don't understand how we got here. I don't understand that. It's just shocking to me almost it just baffles me that we could be so close for five years and all sudden just bam, nothing.
Jaime C: That's what I think about
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's interesting that you say we
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't I mean like
Gwenevere Abriel: We were close. So what if it was just you. So I was close to him. Look at me, I'm not doing
Gwenevere Abriel: The same thing. That's what if you looked at it like that like
Gwenevere Abriel: You were close to him. You felt close to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, okay. So what did you do differently.
Jaime C: What well what do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I don't think I don't think it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I have an opinion about it, but I don't know what's real. So we were so close. And now we're not together, but she but something's happened some things happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some things happen to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That didn't come out of the blue today.
Jaime C: I got to what it feels like.
Jaime C: I mean, I don't
Jaime C: Hold on, my phone's ringing
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, right.
Jaime C: Thank you for calling the king. So this is Jamie, how many hope you
Gwenevere Abriel: So what did you not
Gwenevere Abriel: Relationship with Greg what I
Jaime C: What I didn't like about it.
Jaime C: Well, I just, I mean, I didn't like that we never saw each other.
Jaime C: And
Jaime C: I didn't like that.
Jaime C: I that I felt like I was putting more into it than he was.
Jaime C: I'm sure that this whole thing is probably a blessing in disguise.
Jaime C: You know,
Jaime C: Be better to have a boyfriend or somebody that was around and hang out with, and be around with all the time. Or, you know, or even it's
Jaime C: As much as it hurts that he's not around. It almost feels like a relief to
Jaime C: Or you just, I don't know.
Jaime C: It almost feels better to be single than to have
Jaime C: I mean, it was a long distance relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look at your words, they're interesting ones if you'd look at them just sort of as
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of metaphors and symbols. We were so close.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually
Gwenevere Abriel: We never saw each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a long distance relationship. It's interesting that you said we were so close.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if, as you begin to tolerate more intimacy more intimacy with yourself with memories with fright as your healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you're able to possibly tolerate more intensity of emotions. Maybe your expectation on what close can mean maybe it means you might be getting close to maybe being WITH someone who's writing town.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you're getting ready for that. What if that's what you're up to weigh in the unconscious
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a scary thing.
Jaime C: I don't know the whole. It just doesn't. I guess the part that I keep thinking about it. Just like I keep trying to remind myself of certain things that I just didn't like about the relationship just
Jaime C: It just doesn't feel right.
Jaime C: I don't know how to say it other than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning you artificially tricking yourself but really it was a perfect relationship.
Jaime C: Yeah, like us not being together just doesn't feel right. And I've never I it's just, that's a new feeling for me. I've never anytime. I've ended relationship or, you know, gone through a breakup, I
Jaime C: Luckily, just been able to deal with it pretty easily, but for whatever reason. This one I have a hard time with
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't remember the details. Exactly. Um, but I had in my head that it was you. You got to correct me. Don't you know to me. I can be really wrong, but I have in my head that it was like
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't make time for me clearly had time you were talking to your daughter. You did have time haven't been checking into me and that's it. Was it close to that.
Jaime C: Summer. Yeah, and he's because he's sitting in the middle of Mexico chasing cartel guys that
Jaime C: escaped from prison and I'm like worried sick about him every day. And he's taking time to check in with his daughters, but not me.
Jaime C: I just, I felt like that was so disrespectful and so wrong for him to just not
Jaime C: I don't know. He could have took that worried for me. And he chose not to.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you end up saying like the way you are. Now, what, what was his response when you brought it to him. Just the way you did just now.
Jaime C: He just said that he's diamond supposed to be on the phone and that when he does check in with me. He shouldn't even be doing that. So basically he was making me feel like I should be grateful. But the communication that I am getting
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't care. Interesting. Can I share what I've heard just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not that there's you're not that your perspective is there someone here.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, my ears are all funky do so I gotta do there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I heard.
Gwenevere Abriel: I only have a few minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to call my daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I heard.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you only have a few minutes. Aren't you going to call your son.
Jaime C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that's what I heard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of me getting offended. Like I could see the logic, because I applied it to myself and I'm like, I'm sorry, honey. You're a grown man. I'm gonna check on my, my kid. First, you see it.
Jaime C: Yeah, absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but then we have to say I'm sorry, sweetheart. I prioritize my daughter over you and nobody's going to want to say that. So I'm wondering if that was a difficult choice for him and maybe he doesn't have that emotional thing to be able to say
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to say that out loud. I love you but I budgeted if only got three or four minutes and I'm already risking my job and getting written up or being found out because that can get Tracer. I don't know how deep you know I watched a lot of movies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or know what it is, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm watching Call Saul, or something like that and my head. You know, so it just like, but what's it like to hear someone else's perspective on that.
Jaime C: It makes. I mean, it makes 100% sense I just never thought of it that way. And I wish I would have gone for I said the things that I said
Gwenevere Abriel: You think that maybe that's why there's this in congruency inside like the way it's not settling like I don't understand why we're not together does something doesn't feel right. Because normally it's really clear I'm imagining
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in a whole I'm a good person and you've been able to let them go. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you're like dude. Now Miss you mature, you're just
Gwenevere Abriel: A look because if it happens if we might be onto something. Now then, what if it's just that that would be a weird thing to, I don't know, maybe that's not what you actually believe, maybe you would have done the same thing or
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's why you're having trouble not being together doesn't feel right. Maybe it's somewhere in there. Maybe that's not exactly it. But maybe it's somewhere in there. Do you think
Jaime C: Yeah, it could be
Jaime C: I could be. I mean, I have a lot of regret about getting mad about it.
Jaime C: And I really
Jaime C: I don't feel like he hates me or is mad at me. I feel like
Jaime C: I feel like he and because of the little things that he kind of said when we were going back and forth. I feel like he thinks he's doing me a favor, like he wants me to be with somebody that's there every day. I mean, he has said that many times throughout our relationship.
Jaime C: And I think that's what he what he's doing is that he wants.
Jaime C: I know that he doesn't like it when I feel bad. He hates that part. And then when I talked to him about how I feel bad. He kind of shuts down. And so maybe
Jaime C: I think he just got to the point where he doesn't want to watch me feel bad anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if there were lots of people that you were compatible with and it could mean that your expectation for what you think you want deserve need all of those what if it's starting to increase. What if you're starting to see maybe you want more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you do. I don't know. What do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to have someone that's nearby that you can have physical hangout time with
Jaime C: I feel like that would be nice but
Jaime C: I was perfectly happy with our relationship and the way it was. I don't feel like I was missing out on anything.
Jaime C: I feel like
Jaime C: I just felt when we were fine. I didn't feel like I was missing out on anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Except
Gwenevere Abriel: kind of pushed him away so
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like you wanted something you wanted to be maybe a priority.
Jaime C: Probably
Jaime C: It wasn't easy with that guy. The first couple years. I mean, it took, we were dating for five years and probably the first half of it. He what he didn't open up or talk about anything like you didn't even talk about his daughter or son wouldn't say their name, nothing and
Jaime C: So the last couple years of it. He had opened up and was just telling me everything there was to know about him and
Jaime C: I forgot where I was going with that. What
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want someone nearby and you came back with basically I was perfectly happy with the miles of distance
Jaime C: Yeah, I was. I was good. I was. I didn't feel I really didn't feel like I was missing out on anything. I thought we had a good relationship.
Jaime C: You know, I mean, yeah, it's not ideal, but I feel like if
Jaime C: If the distance was because he's out there and doing a good thing.
Jaime C: It didn't it just
Gwenevere Abriel: And it works for you.
Jaime C: Yeah, it's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: But did you like about that little contact. Would you like about that.
Jaime C: Well, because I'm at a time in my life where I really needed to focus on my career, I really needed to put all I could into my career and and my son, you know, my son was having a hard time. I feel like it gave me the ability to do
Jaime C: That to focus on my career and take care of my kid.
Jaime C: And still have him out here while he's out there doing his thing. It just, it worked. I was out in my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I hope that this discussion has given you a little bit to think about maybe different angles to come at it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The relationship that you have with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a bit. It looks familiar.
Gwenevere Abriel: To to a parent.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not really right in our life. But, there they are reassuring us and loving us from a bit of a distance and he's very similar to a mom figure which is almost impossible to get any juice out of which finally did, and right so it's this thing that's way out here, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what you want. Again,
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is it don't want confrontation that might be involved in having more intimacy more closeness where you'd have to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need, I need more space or I don't know what this is the chance for you to kind of explore what you want.
Jaime C: You know,
What the fear is
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Schedule another appointment, you and I push that
Gwenevere Abriel: A weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe seeing if we can get
Gwenevere Abriel: Some. I mean, I know you didn't intend to have it in your office.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can let me know. The night before, or if you happen to know that will we can try to do that and I'll try and schedule someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Very good. You want to make a change on the day or time or anything.
Jaime C: No time and do
Gwenevere Abriel: So will will schedule for April 27 at 10
Gwenevere Abriel: And Sunday. If you think that you want something where your home. See if you can create that maybe you'll know Sunday night or I could
Gwenevere Abriel: You know if you can see ahead into time even two days ahead or we can say this, I can see it's not gonna be stuck here. I won't be able to do in that deeper work than just let me know and we'll reschedule. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Jaime C: We're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm glad you're doing well. You really do. SOUND You sound like you're you're cruising along, you can take in the punches with what's going on and our crisis.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, any, any strong cravings going on.
Jaime C: No.
Jaime C: I was doing pretty good. This last paper that I did was definitely one of the easier ones that kind of seems like it.
Jaime C: I don't know goes in waves or something. The first couple papers were rough. Yeah. I mean, there were okay and then there and then it got just rough and now it's getting a little bit easier again. So
Gwenevere Abriel: I tried to tell that to people. And I hope you say it and growth, next time you're in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's exactly what it does. We don't, we don't know for each little body, whether it's going to be, you know, 16 to 14 are you wanting to feel those. And then, but you'll feel it from six to four.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I mean, we just don't know. But it's good for you to remember. So there's no way to say I'm going to have to find out in real time. What's this one going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll need it and I'll communicate it, though. I need to slip back it up 2.5 I'll take this one. Slow it really does it changes.
Jaime C: So we are crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a CEO and when am I going to see you next in group. Oh, by the way, I think.
Jaime C: The next weekend group right
Gwenevere Abriel: I see skip on 14 so I think it's going to be April 21 maybe present
Jaime C: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, I will see you 7am April 21
Jaime C: For Good, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get to buy
My